listen so there's a lot of scary movies
coming out alongside scary stories to
tell in the dark including Hulu and blum
houses into the dark so pretty much
everything's just getting really dark
so I figured I'd share a couple of my
thoughts on some of them let me explain
so growing up I didn't read scary
stories to tell in the dark which is
what I'm going to start off with I was
living it that's where I passed by like
your ona's house twelve times as a kid
goofing off in Mexico but this is
considered to be one of the most
censored books of all time regardless of
if it made it to your Scholastic Book
Fair this thing has topped several lists
since parents deemed them to be so
violent that if it ever was made into a
movie they'd be rated R because of all
of the graphic violence well see I'm not
against something being pg-13 I don't
want the unnecessary rated art Gore just
for the hell of it either but when
scenes were legit cut from a movie
called scary stories because I didn't
want it to be too scary I don't know you
know but considering Thiel Guillermo got
the director of troll hunters to help me
I knew it would look pretty good and I
do think the effects in the movie are
the best part of it I just I don't know
about combining the short stories for a
single narrative if that was the best
option it felt more like wish upon and
Polaroid which released I wish they
would have just kept it as an anthology
series you know perhaps gone the route
of a miniseries and not only could have
been creepier but you know you could
have been freaked out at a home in San
aber hood bullies car as a part of a
crappy prank and they feel euphoric
about it until Tommy whoops them Stella
is also a part of the group and she's
been obsessed with writing stories ever
since her mom left her alone to feed her
dad minerals so it's just been these
three who have kind of been Outsiders
their group of friends my cousin who
would be walking around with a
switchblade as they all go into this
creepy haunted house where legend has it
there was this really big family known
as the bellows and they had a daughter
named Sarah who was treated worse than
Harry Potter to the point that they
didn't even have pictures of her
Tommy the bully tries locking them
inside the house this doofus Chuck ends
up in room 237 and before escaping
stolid decides to steal Sara's secret
scary stories like I said the gimmick of
an object causing torture because the
script told a character to take it isn't
my personal favorite on top of that I
get that it's the moral of the story but
like Sara Sara your goofy ass was just
as bad as your parents if you're taking
it out on innocent kids just trying to
break in a Hollywood that said how they
would only has room for one to me and so
it turns out that the book writes the
story for you since yet mo really liked
his book from Pan's Labyrinth and
thought that hip cool thing to showcase
here and so we get the story of a
heralded Scarecrow which sees Tommy gets
stuffed by that scarecrow as he consumes
him and I believe swaps places with him
I don't really know this is the one that
was skinned back a bit so it wouldn't be
too grotesque the one where a guy eats
the big toe I just I was stupid again I
love the effects for all of these
especially with this one where they have
the performer Javier both that who I
mentioned in the past man's a
professional what he does he's been
Slenderman key facing insidious the
crooked man in conjuring man played oz
xenomorph and here you scrape that like
he had this girl looking like the boyle
kid from Fairly OddParents and then
reassembling itself like it's Exodia
even scarier is the contortionist doing
way too good of a job at his job I want
to point out that these moves are not
done with wires or CGI he can really
move like that
[Applause]
a cop in the movie like a true American
tries to shoot it but does nothing
thanks pretty much invincible
considering it gets pinned by a truck
and this is again where they just fail
in it like it's pinned by its torso yet
it could just dislocate all of its arms
and I guess the torso sets it free to
again the effects were way too good for
the story that they had in this movie
see if you've ever seen a dead photo
presentation you know that he uses these
creatures to really just represent other
things you know from Catholicism to the
Spanish Civil War to him winning an
Oscar the whole movie is a clear
allegory for bad politicians as we see
with the overemphasis of Nixon all the
bullies bad parenting racist cops pretty
much alluding to the fact that our
scariest stories aren't the ones that
are fiction but reality and that the
tales you tell end up defining you which
is which is why I guess they ended on a
cliffhanger since they wanted that toe
to be a sequel overall I think it's an
okay movie it's a rent it for me I don't
agree with it not being an intelligence
considering there's three books out
already and another one to come
each one has 30 stories in it it's clear
this series isn't going to be fading
into the dark anytime soon I just wish
they would have put it on HBO or Netflix
so even though Guillermo thinks
anthologies aren't the way to go because
they hinder the success of it or
something these would disagree Blum
House clearly feels the opposite they
actually have an anthology TV series
that's released monthly on Hulu they're
meant to coincide with the holiday for
that month so you know there's a
Halloween episode titled the body that
dealt with a hitman who accidentally
ends up under wraps at a party after he
kills someone a Mother's Day one titled
all that we destroy that sees a mom
creating clones for her son so that he
can purge out his assassin like urges
and of course treehouse surprisingly
directed by Shawn Spencer of Psych to
coincide with the release of Captain
Marvel that said I'm just gonna cover
three of the most requested ones that
I've gotten with full spoilers so here
are the timestamps in case you don't
want to know that they all die at the
end of each one I'm [ __ ] with you man
also because I sat through this episode
and yeah I am NOT a fan of like 50% of
these I'm just gonna cover three
so pukas directed by nacho vigeland oh
who isn't a stranger to ontology 'he's
he also did colossal which is similar to
this in terms of monsters and themes and
i always laugh every time i search of
colosso because it always it was reminds
me of this quote that he had where he
didn't want to just make a Godzilla
movie my man wanted to be in the
Godzilla soo anyways he redirects the
Christmas special dealing with a
struggling actor who signs his life away
to be the person behind the pooka masca
pretty much is like that new chucky doll
is this new tech slash pet thing that
listens to you whenever it wants to and
then it repeats back phrases at random
it even has a naughty mode for some
reason they make dude do the Oh a dance
and then boom he's cursed and becomes
one with the suit which is interesting
because if you really look closely into
it pukas origins are actually found in
Celtic mythology but what's even more
interesting is that the scripted puka
originates from the Ryan Reynolds led
Benny Ofra in stay it's just pretty much
a reskin see Wilson here after selling
his soul for the bag asked his real
estate lady named Melanie out and tries
to befriend her son by beating up his
friends at his party where he's dressed
up as pooka
in fact Eagles full spider-man 3 with
the Sioux as it starts wrecking his
place and starts doing very much
stranger things it supposedly even threw
his neighbour out the window child's
play style you need to find who did this
to her
pretty sure I'm looking at that person
right now this gritty 2.0 suit is really
just a cover-up for some repressed guilt
that he has meaning that the entire
episode that we've been watching is
really just what this guy imagined in
order to cope with what he did because
like the venom su you can see it as
being representative of substance abuse
and how this man was really addicted
because just like buca's random naughty
mode this dude had a temper and I'm one
of his outbursts was his family it ended
up getting them all killed
and so he creates this reality based off
of his skits toy where he turns his
other victim into his roommate in order
to live with that guilt there's a reason
he was quoting a Christmas carol early
on in the film as he's being haunted by
the ghosts of his past are these the
shadows of the things that will be or
are they the shadows of the things that
may be only and I think if this is the
first time you've seen a story like this
you may very much like it I definitely
do like the themes in a lot of these
into the dark episodes I've just seen
them done better and other things I
personally would recommend something
like happy over on Netflix instead it
even has the same exclamation point if
that's what you're looking for and while
it does take a different approach to
this type of storytelling it's still
very similar and I would say even more
interesting as for puka simple stream it
from me
[Music]
now this one was actually my personal
favorite because it reminded me a lot of
the movie Ingrid goes West which I would
recommend go check it out it's actually
written and directed by Sophia taka
who's also helming the upcoming black
Christmas remake and even starred in one
of the VHS anthologies as well pretty
much this episode calls out influencers
who come off as being positive when
really they're just they're just bullies
let me tell you I've been to enough
festivals where influencers are so cheap
they try to swindle free stuff from
booths for a shout-out like boy girl if
you have a massive enough audience to
call yourself an influencer then you
have enough to pay the good people for
their services here the character of
Danielle doesn't just Chanel her inner
James Charles but her self help channel
is kind of ironic considering she pushed
a girl named Kelsey into committing
suicide and so this girls night out
turns out to be a coupe set up by these
high school friends who are trying to
ruin this bullies internet career and
you all know how much I love to zoom in
on my shots but the show's editor a new
help Opie these scenes were they just
did it themselves if you really pay
attention to their stories you realize
that this episode is actually just like
Mean Girls but 10 years later if these
two decided enough is enough with Regina
George and while the message dealing
with bullying is heavy you know it's
crazy to think how easily people can
mentally be manipulated
just because someone can abuse their
influence but that catfight at the end
was still wild Danielle's willing to
kill to keep her secret but Alexis wants
to thrown more and sets up this crime
scene in order to take Daniel spot as an
influencer apology and all I know she
just want me to move through this and
live my fullest life now before we get
started please make sure you're wearing
your protective glasses and your latex
gloves because I see and so far I think
it's the best episode of the series like
I said I would also recommend matches
watching this one but watching Ingrid
goes west and if you like both of these
even check out cam over on Netflix which
i think is the best out of all
three of them overall like I said this
is my favorite and I can't wait to see
Shane Dawson cover this
besides puka men this episode was our
second most requested not just in the
series but like of a bunch of episodes
they decided to use the most American of
all holidays and released a border
patrol episode on July 4th don't worry
about what you've lost think instead of
that you've gained and I'll say I really
like the themes in this one that play
out on the American Dream that said I
don't think it's as great as get out or
a better life when it comes to the
culture shock of the characters and how
they find themselves in which seem to be
something that a lot of people were
hyping up in fact I would say the
directors previous border crossing short
where they come across cannibals in the
desert is way more interesting than this
Stepford Wives experiments and it's not
that it's bad I just think that the
Twilight Zone s style of the episode is
really bombarded by his editing like I I
get sensory horror village power know
pretty much this is a good place like
experiments where the government has
taken a group of immigrants and is
running tests on them mighty soul our
main character who is pregnant when the
movie started finds herself in lay a
like a TV series where everything is too
perfect and we start each day with a new
dress until she breaks on through to the
other side I'm not paying you to give
them the American dream job we're paid
to keep the hood pretty much Creed
compares this experiment of rounding up
illegals as for-profit prisons again I
really like the premise of this episode
even if the experiment seems you know
less sustainable than the underground
tunnels in US but it just had a lot of
exposition and weird editing way more
than our pure flix though
like I know they say show don't tell but
I don't know what you're showing me
overall the message is pretty clear and
I get the west-world purge like
experiments playing a black mirror like
play on how absurd these situations can
get maybe just would have been better as
a short and at a 90 minute episode I
think there are a lot of great movies
this year that are tackling the subject
from various angles that I would suggest
but that's for this one I would also
have to give it a streaming other than
that there are more coming out since
again it's an anthology show so I'll
probably be doing another video in the
future breaking down whenever another
good one comes out but seeing as the new
ones are thinking outside of the box and
are tackling school spirit which
coincided with the first day of school
all I'm saying is that Hulu better have
the balls to give us a black mare
streaming episode in November when the
math starts taking note thank you guys
checking out this video I'm curious know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section let me know your favorite horror
stuff down below what you're looking
forward to this year another thing I do
want to mention for scary stories again
being a bigger fan of the technical
aspects and the script itself the
composer did something very similar that
was done in Steve Jobs the movie which I
really love and that's that they
switched up the score in between the
short story segments so you know at
least they were in the mindset of doing
it kind of like an in tholly I thought
that was pretty cool if you pay
attention to it I also really did like
this scene right here
do you have that one of the very few
scenes I've gone back to in culture
shock and that's mainly because you know
you ever been to a gluten-free
restaurant they have the audacity to
hand you that dessert menu not get that
away from me
old man canary thoughts down below in
the comments section any horror movies
that you're looking forward to let me
know other than that don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I'll make
sure Sarah bellows doesn't write your
ending